Liu Mingzhi, do you want to do it?
Whose law should be done? Lin Shaoshen’s family signed the agreement,
The Lin family has a market value of RMB 500 billion and can mobilize assets worth RMB 1 trillion.
What do you hate in the face of absolute strength?
Mr. Liu, are you at work?
I was originally a professional student.
I really didn’t take responsibility
Everyone agrees with Mingjing in their hearts.
If there is no such thing as yefei
Meet a few workers with no background
Only a deposit of five cars and one car away
Mr. Liu, you did a good job
I don’t want Huajiang Qingbaiyi to pack and lie down
Just use the method of knocking out eight hundred yuan.
It's too easy to wear it, right?
Oops, what new contract plan?
Then stay with me less
We are all decent people
What's your size?
Let you live a few more minutes
Not sure?
I have a better price
Let me accept this boy now
Hey what
I can make a living from this cup